📖  Add code organization proposal (#13859)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/user/manifesto.md

“evolve responsibly” by ensuring upgrade paths and avoiding (or at least minimizing) disruptions for users.

The Cluster API project will continue to “evolve responsibly” by abiding to the same guarantees that Kubernetes offers

> for its own API resources, and by defining in a clean way the guarantee offered for the public go modules and packages.

Reviewer: this reads a little odd to me, perhaps this?

```suggestion
for its own API resources, and by cleanly defining the guarantee offered for the public go modules and packages.
```
